#PROJECT TITLE: Character Prompt Generator and Game

##Welcome to the Character Prompt Generator and Game!
    The goal of this program is to help uninspired artists become inspired or get better at sketching with a time limit. The Character Generator will talk you through the randomization of details in a character description. It will read out your prompt, then give you thirty seconds to either race against a partner in sketching, or even race against yourself. If using this as a two player game, whoever's drawing looks closest to the generator will win the match! If you are playing by yourself, the generator will still show you its own drawing, which can be used in any way the user pleases (IE.: maybe the user wants to see if they can draw something similar to the genrator while beating the clock.)


##Demo
Demo Video: <URL>

##GitHub Repository
GitHub Repo: <URL>  https://github.com/kel230001/Character-Design-Prompt-Generator.git


##Description
    My project started out as a simple input output generator to give prompts to uninspired artists, but turned out to be something a lot more complicated, that can be used in a couple different ways. I used several main/function statements throughout my code, and relied heavily on if statements for a majority of the code. My code starts by asking for a password with a hint, to keep my API key safe. After the password is typed my game will introduce the game, instructions, and prompts you to begin. One of my favorite feautures is if you say "no" to the game asking if youd like to begin, it will tell you, "you suck." I thought it would be fun to give the game a little bit of personality, considering someone is definitely going to test and see what happens what happens if you say no. After the intro, will ask a series of questions based on the random description prompt it is generating. First it will generate whether your character will be a human or animal, after it takes this information, the code grabs from a textfile that I created and will pick a random line. The created the text file to include a long list of basic animals, so that the user will get something different quite often and not get bored of the options. From here, it will randomize your character's gender from a list. After the gender and type of character are randomized, a couple lines of code will take from more carefully curated textfiles to output a random theme and emotion for your character. After the full description is generated, the game will begin.
    The game starts with a print statement of your characters description. The game will then start a 30 second timer for the user(s) to start sketching on paper or sketchbook. The user(s) main goal is to beat the clock and see how well they can sketch the prompt in this short amount of time. The timer can be set to a different amount of time, but I set it to 30 seconds for sake of videoing for the assignment. The program will then output "PENCILS DOWN!" several times to catch the attention of the users to make sure they know time is up without needing to get closer to the screen use their time to check if the timer is up yet. After time is up, I implemented AI to draw its own image of the prompt. The game can be played as "Who can make something closer to the AI's drawing?," some sort of "Spot the difference between mine and the computer's," or even a fun way to let kids play with AI and prompt generation. The hardest part of this project was implementing the AI program. It took hours and hours of research on different ways to import it and what would be the most beneficial for my program, and then I had to figure out how to write the code that uses/opens the ai library. I tried several different methods like tensorkeys and craiyon in attempt to use the image generation from my prompt, but none of them worked. It took a billion different tries to finally land and perfectly execute the OPENAI method/library. If I could do this project again with more time or knowledge, I would probably try to add a feauture where users cam actually make the sketch on the screen instead of a sketchpad, but I have no idea how to do that at this time. Overall, I am very proud of this project and acheieved more with it than I had first invisioned or believed i could.
